```
Value                        | Sound type
INVALID                      | NONE
luigis_mansion:cello         | Cello
luigis_mansion:ceramic       | Vase
luigis_mansion:chest         | Room clear chest
luigis_mansion:concrete      | Concrete
luigis_mansion:drum          | Drum
luigis_mansion:fridge        | Fridge
luigis_mansion:generic       | Generic
luigis_mansion:harp          | Harp
luigis_mansion:heavy_generic | Heavy generic
luigis_mansion:heavy_metal   | Heavy metal
luigis_mansion:metal         | Metal
luigis_mansion:oven          | Oven
luigis_mansion:plant         | Plant
luigis_mansion:plate         | Plate
luigis_mansion:saxophone     | Saxophone
luigis_mansion:stone         | Stone
luigis_mansion:wood          | Wood
luigis_mansion:xylophone     | Xylophone
```