```
Ghost                             | Types                                | Default
luigis_mansion:black_bogmire      | none                                 | none
luigis_mansion:blue_blaze         | punch, basher, body_slam, earthquake | earthquake
luigis_mansion:blue_twirler       | punch, basher, body_slam, earthquake | earthquake
luigis_mansion:bowling_ghost      | throw_bowling_ball                   | throw_bowling_ball
luigis_mansion:ceiling_surprise   | none, drop_bomb                      | none
luigis_mansion:cinema_ghost       | basher, harmless_grab, harmfull_grab | harmfull_grab
luigis_mansion:dancing_ghost_guy  | stab, spin                           | spin
luigis_mansion:flash              | uppercut, basher                     | uppercut
luigis_mansion:garbage_can_ghost  | throw_banana                         | throw_banana
luigis_mansion:ghost_guy          | stab, spin                           | stab
luigis_mansion:gold_ghost         | none, punch, basher                  | punch
luigis_mansion:grabbing_ghost     | basher, harmless_grab, harmfull_grab | harmless_grab
luigis_mansion:mirror_ghost       | basher, harmless_grab, harmfull_grab | harmfull_grab
luigis_mansion:mr_bones           | throw_bone                           | throw_bone
luigis_mansion:purple_bomber      | none, drop_bomb                      | drop_bomb
luigis_mansion:purple_puncher     | uppercut, basher                     | uppercut
luigis_mansion:red_grabbing_ghost | basher, harmless_grab, harmfull_grab | harmfull_grab
luigis_mansion:speedy_spirit      | none, basher                         | none
luigis_mansion:temper_terror      | none, punch, basher                  | punch
luigis_mansion:waiter             | none                                 | none
e3_demo:basher                    | none, punch, basher                  | basher
e3_demo:body_slammer              | punch, basher, body_slam, earthquake | body_slam
e3_demo:ghost                     | none, punch, basher                  | punch
e3_demo:puncher                   | uppercut, basher                     | uppercut
```